Where's my drink?
You sure you want to go down this road?
I've waited a long time to find
the men who killed my family.
I'm not walking away now.
- And then what?
- And then I'll get answers.
And I'll make things right.
Talon, nothing can ever make that right.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You the skin artist who made this mark?
Aye. That's my fine artistry.
- Want one like it?
- No.
But I am looking for
the man who does have it.
Are you now?
Well, I don't give out names
to just any tart who asks.
What's it gonna take
to change your mind?
Oh, I can think of a few things.
And absolutely none of those
things are going to happen.
Well, guess you're not getting
that information then, are you?
Gambling is forbidden by
command of the Prime Order.
Get up. We have to go.
I'll never make it.
I've got this gammy leg.
Talon, come on.
Come on!
This way.
Get down!
Run!
- Give me the name.
- Look out!
- The name!
- You get me out of here,
I'll tell you whatever you want.
Come on, come on! This way!
Come on. There's more coming.
Get Gunter.
Get up!
- I didn't do nothing.
- Get in there!
Please let us go.
- Now give me his name.
- Let me go!
- What are you?
- We had a deal. His name.
I said shut it!
That's more than 20
years back I did that job,
even before the Prime
Order overthrew the Royals.
The Bones, they was called.
Mercenaries. Mean bunch.
Had me put that mark on
all seven of their arms.
Seven? I need names.
Lucky for you I seen one of them recent.
Toru Magmoor.
Toru Magmoor? Where did you see him?
He's Covenant brass now. Rode out
of camp headed for the Outpost.
- Gallwood Outpost?
- Aye.
- I need more names.
- Tiberion Shek.
He was the leader.
- He's dead.
- Let's go.
Where are we going?
I'm going to Gallwood Outpost.
That's halfway across the realm.
We've got a good thing going here.
- Hustling cards?
- No.
You and me.
This way. Over here.
Are you mad? The other
side is greyskin territory.
I know. They'd be mad to follow us.
- Come on!
- No, it's greyskin territory.
They won't get far.
Greyskins. I was hoping they
weren't going to be this far east.
Talon, stay back!
No!
Just get me some colipsum.
Why did you do that?
That's... That's how I want to go.
I'm feeling fine...
looking at you.
No, no, no.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
_
Get out of here, skags!
This is our land, you filthy Blackblood.
Oh, you're going to get it now, skag.
_
Naba, Talon!
Talon, naba!
Stop!
Go on, clear off.
Ow.
_
They killed a Remmick.
Talon...
_
Why do they hate us?
They don't hate us.
At least, not all of them.
_
No one left alive.
If even one Blackblood escapes,
this is all for nothing.
Eremus, Eremus!
Come on.
Eremus!
_
This is all my fault.
It's not your fault, Talon.
_
She's mine.
She's dead.
Look at her ears.
Poor thing. Where's your family?
Come along. We can't have
young girls wandering the roads.
We're just two farms over.
You come along. There's
bread and cheese.
As much as you can eat.
Everyone wash up for supper.
I will not send her away. She's a child.
We have children of our
own. It's too dangerous.
Someone wanted them
all dead for a reason.
People will talk.
Well, just look at her ears.
Stay where you are.
Are you sick?
Ugh! Why won't you die?
Aah!
You have to get them in
the mouth to kill them.
I had it under control.
- Of course you did.
- I did.
All right. All right.
But what kind of a soldier
would I be if I didn't assist?
The usual kind.
What are those things?
Those are Plaguelings.
We can talk later. Right now
it's time to get behind walls.
Hey, we're not leaving you.
So either you ride with us
or we all stay here and die.
Now it's your choice.
- The gates!
- The gates are closed after nightfall.
They won't let us in if Plaguelings
are too close on our tail.
Open the gate!
The Gate Marshal doesn't like
it when you bring home a stray.
So where are you from
and what's your business?
Hey, you'll need a good story.
I'll answer to the Gate
Marshal, not a common soldier.
Well, let's hope you get the chance.
- Open the gate!
- Too close, Captain!
- Captain?
- Still a common soldier,
who happens to be a captain.
No need to apologize.
I wasn't planning on it.
Gods, I hate these things!
That's the last of them. Open up!
No, sir. There are more coming.
Sergeant, open the
gate! That's an order!
I take responsibility.
I'm Captain Garret Spears.
This is where you offer
your name in return.
What's wrong with those people?
Those are Plaguelings.
And they spread their
disease through that needle
they tried to stick you with.
Do you have a name?
It's Talon.
Talon.
And your reason for coming here...
to this gods-forsaken outpost?
I, um...
I'm here for...
Look, as long as you're making it up,
at least try and make it interesting.
I'll get you started.
You... you are a...
Well, you're a nobleman's daughter.
And your father, he, uh...
He pledged you to be
married to a tyrant.
So, you ran away,
on the day of your betrothal, no less,
to the remotest corner of the realm.
I'm here for work.
- For work?
- As a barmaid.
As a... my story was better.
And mine's more believable.
And it would be, anywhere
else in the world.
But nobody comes to the Outpost
simply to find work.
No, people come here
because they're running from something.
Not me.
I'm not convinced.
But that's all right.
You don't have to convince me.
It's up to Marshal Wythers.
Come on.
I didn't do nothing, Marshal! I swear!
Marshal Wythers.
Stick him in the hole.
I'll work on him later.
What can I do you for, Captain?
Picked up a traveler on the north road.
I can see why. She's a fine catch.
Is that your professional assessment
as Gate Marshal?
I'm a busy man.
Make it quick.
What's your story?
Name's Talon. Here to find work.
- Trade?
- Barmaid.
Well, let's both pretend
you're here for work, yeah?
But cross me, and I'll
stick you out at night
and let those diseased
savages have at you.
Wouldn't expect anything else.
It is what it is.
She's in your custody, Garret.
So where's the best
place to get a drink?
I mean, job... as a barmaid.
The Nightshade Inn.
It's not pretty, but it's all we've got.
Come on. I'll take you.
Just point me in the right direction.
Oh, no. No, you heard my father.
You're still in my custody.
Marshal Wythers is your father?
But your name, Garret Spears?
I chose the name
"Spears" when I enlisted.
I was maybe 14.
Sounds like a name a 14-year-old chose.
So, deep below us are
mines rich with ore.
And we forge weapons, armaments.
As long as we delivery to the prime
order on time, they leave us alone.
So many fires.
Greyskin camps.
My men count them each night.
There's more than fifty score now.
Do they ever attack?
Once. They came up these walls.
But we fought them back,
and it's been quiet for 11 seasons now.
It's why the Eighth Army left
to strengthen the southern front.
I was close to there just days ago.
What news? Have we made any ground?
We haven't heard anything
since the half Redmoon.
I don't know.
Just a lot of fighting, dying.
Yeah, well,
it's a brutal war.
I was stationed there for three seasons.
Watched a lot of good men die
protecting the realm
from those monsters.
Those monsters?
I've see what you Prime
Order soldiers do to people.
Who's protecting us from you?
I'm not Prime Order. I'm a
Captain of the Border Guard.
No difference. You work
for them, you kill for them.
Wow.
You know, the only killing
that I've done recently
is killing Plaguelings
that attacked a woman.
Now does that somehow offend you?
No.
And thank you for saving my life.
I'm in your debt.
It's not something I'm used to.
Thanks for the tour.
Just do me a favor.
Don't do anything that
would get me into trouble
for bringing you inside
these walls, all right?
No blades.
Oh!
Go on, show us what you had.
Uh, a lady never tells.
I need a room and a meal.
It's three beads per night.
Second room on the left.
No guests.
Janzo! Platter.
Wa... wow.
I mean, hello.
I don't think I've ever
met you before, have I?
Don't move. Just wait right here.
- I'm not thirsty.
- Just try it.
- I made it just for you.
- You don't even know me.
Well, you keep licking
your lips, so I start you
with my winter ale for quenching thirst.
And now your shoulders are a
little bit hunched, aren't they?
It's because you're
tired, aren't you, darling?
But that's okay, because I
added a stimulant... bryweed.
It's just the thing to
invigorate the mind and the body.
Now, your jaw's slightly clenched.
It's because you're on
a mission, aren't you?
A tiny amount of sky-vine essence...
You have a gift, barkeeper.
Brewer.
The name's Janzo. Best
brewer in the realm.
And you are?
Not interested in
pursuing whatever this is,
but thanks for the drink.
Captain.
- It's the Captain.
- Captain.
Janzo, one of your special
brews for our esteemed guest.
Hey, brewer.
Keep him drinking. Tell
him it's on the house.
Who? The old creepy guy who's
been watching you all night?
No.
Your esteemed Covenant guest.
Oh, and, uh...
I'll be in my room all night.
No, I'll be in my room all night alone.
Asleep.
Right. Well, um...
good night then.
Aah! Let me go.
I saw you take a key.
You have a room, and I need to hide.
I'm not allowed guests.
Please, I need your help.
There is a man down
there, and if he sees me,
he will kill me.
I'll wait out the night here
and I'll leave in the morning.
Oh, no, you won't.
You're not staying here.
If he sees me, he'll kill me.
Who?
Some guy you hustled at cards?
No, no, it's nothing like that.
He's a Covenant agent, red armor.
- Surely you noticed him.
- Toru Magmoor?
Yes, I think that is his name.
And how do you know it?
You're with him, aren't you?
You came into my room, remember?
If you hurt me, my father
will have you beheaded.
He's the commander
of this whole outpost.
Oh, is he really? Of this whole outpost?
How dare you. I command you to help me.
I'm about to.
Stay here and lock the door.
I'll take care of Magmoor.
He saw me go upstairs.
Your room's not safe.
I'm coming with you.
Where are we going?
I told you I'd take care of it.
I am in grave danger, and
you must escort me home.
Tell me this.
Why would Toru Magmoor want you dead?
First, you tell me how
you know him by name.
Can't you just go away?
The only way you'll get rid of me
is to return me safely home.
Gods.
Garret? Oh, thank the heavens.
- I'm so glad you're here.
- Is something wrong? I... oh!
Um...
Hello...
again.
Captain.
You know this woman?
No. Well...
No. I met her tonight, um, and, uh...
- I was on...
- The Captain saved my life.
It was very heroic.
Oh. Well, now you saved mine.
One good deed leads to another.
Saved your life? What?
There was a Covenant
agent at The Nightshade.
I think he may have recognized me.
We were not alerted to
a Covenant agent coming.
Get inside.
She's very afraid of
this man, whoever he is.
And you're even more
worried than she is.
Why?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Just the same,
she promised me five gold
coins upon her safe arrival.
I assume you're the one to pay that?
Good night, Captain.
Do you mind waiting for me to finish?
I've waited 13 years.
That's long enough.
My, my.
That's a vicious tone.
Sounds like vengeance.
Oh.
Who was it?
Who's life did I take
that meant so much to you
that you've come after
me after all these years?
Your father?
Oh. Your mother?
A whole village.
The Vale of Galanth.
Oh, yes. The Blackbloods.
Wiped them all out.
Not all. You missed one.
No. Impossible.
Did you check the tomb?
The girl?
But The Wolf took care
of her. I saw him shoot.
He missed.
Just as well he's close by.
I'll take care of him
once I'm done with you.
Close by? Here at The Outpost?
Oh, didn't you know? Yes.
He's close enough to spit on.
Who is he?
It makes no difference to you.
In a moment, you'll be dying.
Then just tell me this. Why?
We were well paid.
Who paid you?
"Kill every Blackblood."
That's all he said.
And now I need to finish the job.
Who paid you? Tell me!
Who are you? Huh?
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
_
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org